docs: Rewrite Azure Batch tutorial for native Batch Forge support (#1674)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_docs/enterprise/advanced-topics/manual-azure-batch-setup.md

#### Create a managed identity for Nextflow to use for authentication

In the Azure Portal:

1. [Create a managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities?pivots=identity-mi-methods-azp)
1. [Assign the relevant roles to the managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal?tabs=current). See [Required role assignments](https://docs.seqera.io/nextflow/azure#required-role-assignments) for Nextflow requirements.
1. Note the managed identity client ID for later.

In Seqera:

1. Add a new Batch Forge compute environment named `entra-mi` and select the Azure Batch **Provider** type.
1. For **Credentials**, select the `entra-keys` service principal credentials.
1. For **Location**, select the same region as your Batch account.

> 1. Under the managed identity fields, enter the client ID of the managed identity created earlier.

Reviewer: The MI step here is now incomplete for Batch Forge. The compute-environment form actually exposes **four** MI fields (a client ID + a resource ID for both head and worker pool), and **resource IDs are required** when using Batch Forge because Forge passes them to `BatchManager` at pool-create time to attach the UAMIs. Worth mirroring what the reference doc landed on (via #1315 / #1396) so readers pick up the right fields.

```suggestion
1. Under the managed identity fields, enter the **client ID** and **resource ID** of the managed identity. When using Batch Forge you can also specify a separate pool managed identity by populating the corresponding pool fields — see [Entra service principal and managed identity][azure-batch-entra] in the Azure Batch reference for the four fields and when each is required.
```

(Same fix needed in `platform-cloud/docs/enterprise/advanced-topics/manual-azure-batch-setup.md` line 129 and the versioned 26.1 copy line 152.)

> 1. Under the managed identity fields, enter the client ID of the managed identity created earlier.

Reviewer: One more thing in this Entra section — the SP roles link a few lines up ("Assign roles to the service principal") points at a generic Microsoft page and doesn't tell the reader **which** roles to pick. We spent a while in #1315 / #1396 nailing this down (there is no built-in `Azure Batch Contributor`; the correct one is `Azure Batch Data Contributor`). Worth adding a pointer to the reference so readers don't re-derive it:

> See the [Service principal](../../compute-envs/azure-batch#service-principal) section of the Azure Batch reference for the specific roles the SP needs — `Azure Batch Data Contributor` on the Batch account, `Storage Blob Data Contributor` on the storage account, `Managed Identity Operator` on each UAMI, and — situationally — `Network Contributor` on the VNet.

(Same addition useful in the Cloud and versioned 26.1 copies.)

1. Configure the remaining fields as in [Part 1](#part-1-azure-batch-with-batch-forge).

Duplicate the `nextflow-hello` pipeline, save it as `hello-world-entra-mi`, and select the new compute environment.

Select **Launch** next to the `hello-world-entra-mi` pipeline in your workspace Launchpad to complete the launch form and launch the workflow. The pipeline runs as before, but uses the managed identity to authenticate to Azure Batch and Storage. No keys are exchanged.

:::note

> You can also use User Subscription mode instead of Batch Managed here, but this is beyond the scope of this tutorial.

Reviewer: This note is preserved from the old doc but reads oddly under a Batch Forge-first flow: Forge always creates pools in **Batch Managed** allocation mode (via `BatchManager`), not User Subscription. If we want to keep the pointer, it belongs in the "Advanced. Use a pre-existing Azure Batch pool" section rather than immediately after a Forge walkthrough — otherwise readers may think Forge supports both modes. Suggested: drop the callout here, or move it down.

(Same in versioned 26.1 line 160.)

:::

## Part 4. Attach the pool to a virtual network (VNet)

**Advantages**:

- Security can be increased by restricting the virtual network subnet.
- Exchange of data can be faster and cheaper than routing over the public internet.

> To connect the Batch pool nodes to a private Azure VNet, enter a **Subnet ID** when creating the Batch Forge compute environment. Batch Forge attaches the subnet to both the head and worker pools, so worker nodes inherit the same networking automatically.

Reviewer: This is accurate for Batch Forge specifically — but a reader who later follows the "Advanced. Use a pre-existing Azure Batch pool" section won't get that automatic subnet inheritance and has to attach the VNet to each pool themselves. Worth adding a one-liner in the Advanced section (line ~189) so readers know the Forge behaviour doesn't carry over.

[nextflow-working-directory]: https://docs.seqera.io/nextflow/cache-and-resume#work-directory
[create-org-workspace]: ../../getting-started/workspace-setup
[add-pipeline]: ../../getting-started/quickstart-demo/add-pipelines#add-from-the-launchpad

> [azure-batch-reference]: ../../compute-envs/azure-batch

Reviewer: Nit — link definitions in the three variants of this tutorial disagree on the file-extension convention:

- `platform-cloud/docs/enterprise/advanced-topics/manual-azure-batch-setup.md` uses `../../compute-envs/azure-batch.md` (with `.md`)
- This file (Enterprise) uses `../../compute-envs/azure-batch` (no `.md`)
- `platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-26.1/...` also uses no `.md`

Docusaurus tolerates both, but worth aligning across the three copies (dropping `.md` from the Cloud one seems cleanest since two files already do it that way).
